Next up, let's look at customizing the info endpoint.
Customizing the info endpoint follows a very similar
pattern to the health endpoint.
Rather than implement a health indicator,
you create a register a new bean that implements the InfoContributor interface.
This interface has one method called contribute and
passes in an Info.Builder argument.
The Info.Builder that's passed in can then be used to add
additional information to the response.
To help you understand, let's look at another code example.
We create a new class that implements the InfoContributor
interface and annotate it with the @Component annotation
so it's registered as a bean.
We implement the one required method, the contribute method,
and in this example,
we use the Info.Builder argument to add additional
information about the project.
It's common when building microservices for a particular team to own
and be responsible for one or more microservices.
So in our example here,
we've added some additional info to the info
endpoint about the name of the project, what team owns it,
and who is the main point of contact.
You can imagine that if all microservices implemented this same info,
a dashboard could be created that shows the project,
the team, and the main point of contact.
This would be a useful dashboard for anyone that's supporting the
operation of the application in a production environment.
In the event of an issue,
they could look at the dashboard and figure out the right person to contact.
This would be a much more dynamic solution rather than
putting this information on a static wiki page, for instance.